     Subject: Fabulous Furlough Retires
     To:      All
     From:    Fabulous Furlough [Level 0]
     I would like to start off by stating some things..
     #1.  This is NOT the end of THG.  I didn't do this 2 years for
     nothing.
     #2.  This does not mean that USA won.  They still have a TON of
     releasing to do to even get close to us.
         For those of you who don't know, this is the 2 year
         We began on January 22, 1990.  Our first game came into the
     Candymansion, I called up, shelled to dos, zipped it up,
     downloaded it, cracked it, wrote the text mode intro, wrote the
     .nfo file (which I started), and couriered it around the few
     boards that I was on.  A legend was born.

         Here it is 2 years and a million games later, and I never
      thought that it would happen, but it did.  This is my official
     statement of retirement from the organized IBM pirating
     community.  This has come after 6 or more months of thought.  For
     those of you who are 16, and out lookin for the Most Bitchin'
     KRAD Warez, you won't understand this, but for those of you that
     are over 25, you'll understand.  I'm sure that some of you guys
     are saying "Why would he quit, he had it all?".  Well, you are
     right, I do have it all..A wife 2 kids, and a real life waiting
     for me to unpause it from 2 years ago when everything in my life
     got put on hold so that I could be popular with 15 year olds
     using daddy's computer to call out.

         Now is the time for me to go back to being father and
     husband.  Now is the time for me to get back to my job that got
     neglected for weeks at a time so that I could crack copylock.
 
     (For which I got nothing).  Now is the time for me to grow up,
     and begin living life outside the house instead of inside calling
     all over god's green earth looking for Ultima 7.  There are, of
     course, those out there who will believe that I either: A) Got
     Busted, or B) Got a conscience for all the profits that I was
     stealing from the starving programmers.

          I assure you that neither of these is true.  I have just had
     enough.  I realize that after two years I was considered a war
     torn veteran of the "Warez-Wars".

         I am by no means fading away, for those of you who have sent
     me things to crack, I AM gonna do those for you.  For those of
     you who have been talking to me about cracking or anything else,
     I will continue to talk to you.  I would like to think of myself
     as the "Shell Answer Man" of cracking.  I intend to hang-out on
     the OOFNet Cracking Sub to answer questions, and provide example
     where applicable.

         It's time for the statement of what is and what ain't.  I AM
     dropping out of Organized piracy.  I AM NOT gonna stop calling
     BBS's.  I AM NOT going to go join another group.  That would be
     stupid to drop the group that I hand fed from the start to take
     orders from someone else, so don't even ask.  I AM going to try
     to start making trainers for Super Nintendo games in my spare
     time.  For those of you who have Super Nintendos, and a Game Dr.
     of some sort.  Keep your eyes open.

         Being as I have your attention, I should do some greets in
     here, just to let folks know how I feel on this, the day of my
     retirement.

     Line Noise (Neil) - Congrats for hanging in there kid...Give 'em
        Hell!
  (Neil) - Congrats for hanging in there kid...Give 'em
     The Not Sot Humble Babe (Amy) - Wait 'till reality hits..It ain't
        worth it.
     R. Bubba (Dagan) - You still get lots of respect man. Just stay
        away from USA.
     Lord Blix (Roger) - He's a New York Mammie (ooooo oooo oooo)
        Good luck..
     Harry Lime (Gerald) - Your gonna be great someday..  Get yourself
        a REAL group or get a supplier & start your own.

          Ok Enough of that.  "Now for the inside story, let's go to
     Paul in LA. Take it away Paul."

          "I'm standing here beside the statue erected for The Humble
     Guys in front of Grumman's Chinese Theatre".

          Why did I do it?  I did it for my company who is investing
     in a new Machine for me. 64 bit 32 Mhz with 512k Cache. I am
     doing it for my family.  I am doing it for my health.  I always
     thought that there would be more that I would want to say when
     this happened.  I just can't remember any of it right now.

          In closing, I would like to say that I've had a blast with
     you guys for the last 2 years.  I appreciate all the good things
     that people have said.

          I am not "really" releasing the reins of THG as there hasn't
     been a suitable replacement found yet.  I would like to throw
     some famous lines from various things to explain the way I
	feel..

     "So long and thanks for all the Warez"
     "I've taken my bows, and my curtain calls.  You've brought me
        fame and fortune (NOT!) and everything that goes, I thank you
     "You boys owe me a lot of money for beer...God Damn it!"
     "Elvis has left the building"
 
         So with that, I am retired.  I am a former member, a retired
     cracker. A new man.

     Fabulous Furlough

   Apologies to FF for any editing errors.  (Text capturing and copying
   still isn't perfect.)

        The first reaction upon reading FF's resignation is probably dismay,
   mixed with respect, and perhaps some awe.  The next few thoughts are likely
    to be a re-evaluation of one's personal goals.  "Oh my gawd, I haven't saved
   any whales!" or, "Is 12 hours a day too much computer use?" may slip out of
    your lips.  (Personally, it was "I wonder if I left the iron on?")

         When I read this, I kinda freaked out.  I'm a business student, and
    have always felt that I've gained a lot from BBSes.  And, although I haven't
   frequently made use of the common acclaim given to BBSes ("Whenever I have a
   problem, I just ask the nice, wonderful people on the BBS." - guess I'm just
   not special), I do have much to thank from my involvement in BBSes.

        However, I began to wonder if I've gotten as much out of BBSing as one
    person can humanly (or artificially) be expected to get...  Is there
    anything else behind this damn computer screen that's going to help me in my
   personal endeavors (i.e. get a job, make me independently wealthy, get me
   babes, etc.)?

        Fortunately, I realized (rather quickly, because that's just the kind
   of guy I am) that I'm not into BBSing as a means to another goal.  I don't
   spend $150+ a month calling BBSes in hopes of recuperating that profit
   somewhere down the line.  I call BBSes because I enjoy computers, I enjoy
   technology, and because the phone rates are deceptively in cents a minute so
   that I don't realize how much I'm throwing down the drain until the end of
   the month.  But, alas, I regress.
 
       My point is this:  actually, I hate points.  So I don't want to make 
   one.  But I will say that BBSing is great, but it's important not to get
   carried away with it... for too long at least.
  
        Congratulations to Fabulous Furlough.  Thanks for all the great warez,
    and hopefully my children's children (as if I were going to have any) will
     read about you on a sub about computer pirates' greatest.
   
          Wednesday, January 29, 1992.  The events on this day seem innocuous
     enough.  I attended classes, logged on a few BBS's, did my own thing.  But,
    in a small town in Michigan, a chain of events began which would forever,
    change the pirate community.  On January 29, The NotSoHumble Babe (TNSHB)
    and The Grim Reaper (TGR) were busted for credit card fraud.
 
         Apparently, it all began when TGR got access to some CBI accounts.  He
    ordered some hardware from Paradise Computers and it came without a problem.
   TGR and TNSHB then decided to order some more hardware (totaling $10,000)
   from Paradise since it seemed so easy the first time.  Paradise had become
   suspicious, however, and called the Secret Service (SS).  The local and
   state police also got involved.

        Eventually, TNSHB and TGR were threatened with several counts of credit
   card fraud.  TNSHB was also threatened with a count of piracy, but since
   neither have been arraigned, it is unknown how much evidence the SS has to

        As far as the pirate community is concerned, rumors have been flying 
   around beyond control.  Although some of the veteran pirates have attempted
    to keep the rest of the community from panicking, the occasional user brings
   up visions of apocalypse and the end of the world.

        Contrary to a few minority view points, the pirate world is not coming
    to an end, USA has not met its demise, and the SS is not going to crack down
   on every single pirate in the USA.  The SS does have TNSHB's black book, but
   it is unlikely that they will get much use of it.  Despite all the tax
   dollars poured into the SS, they remain unsophisticated and uninformed.  The
   few times that the SS has popped into the pirate community has been because
    sysops have been lazy.  It is highly unlikely that the SS is on every major
    pirate board and is capturing every word spoken about phreaking/hacking/
    carding.

         Most importantly, there's no money in pirating.  The SS will continue
     to crack down on phreaking and carding, but pirating will be left alone.

     Software laws are ambiguous and mounting enough evidence to force a
     prosecution is too difficult and costly.  Banks and phone companies will
     continue to fund anti-phreaking and carding activities, but in the software
    arena, the competition is too great for companies to spend money (that they
    don't have) on anti-piracy... especially for games.  Nobody gives a shit
    about games.  At $40 a pop for a game, compared to $400 for an application,
    where do you think law enforcement is going to concentrate their efforts?
 
         A few items also need clearing up.  Just about everyone I've talked to,
   including TNSHB and TGR, have agreed that Sought After is not only clueless,
   but an ignoramus.  He appeared to have put out a "TRUTH.ZIP" file and his
   "public" farewell.  Both in the style of BaD, it's all bullshit.  Caution is
   necessary (as always), but panic is not.  People do not think rationally
   when they panic.  So if you start to freak out, just calm down.  If the SS
   calls you up, it's probably another pirater playing jokes on you.  (I know
   this from experience!)
 
        As far as Optical Illusion and his "hot" laptop - it's bullshit.  The
   Canadian authorities do not back up his story (he was not busted by any 
   plainclothes officer).  In fact, he was selling TNSHB's own laptop for her.
    When OI heard about the bust, he created the story, and pocketed all the
    money himself, stiffing TNSHB out of much needed cash for a defense fund.
 
         Also, nobody is narcing on anybody.  TNSHB and TGR are cooperating with
   the authorities, but neither are providing a library of knowledge for the SS
   (as if the SS would care anyway).  Imagine yourself in their situation:  you
   freak out, say a few things you probably would have preferred not to, but
   overall, you keep your mouth shut.  TNSHB and TGR have done the same thing.
  
         Lastly, for those of you calling TGR and TNSHB, both greatly appreciate
   your calls.  Neither have received any negative calls.  However, if you have
   any questions/suggestions/support/whatever, please contact me on CelerityNet
   (or any other SCD member) and I will forward your questions and answer them
    in the next issue of SCD.  TNSHB especially request this of you since she
    has been inundated with calls from people she doesn't know.
 
         TNSHB is setting up a defense fund, and if you would like to
    contribute, please send cash to:
 
    Enterprise PIRACY Defense Fund
 
    35526 Grand River, Suite 104
 
    Farmington Hills, MI 48335
 
 
  
      Do not send any cash to the USA box, as the SS now has control of it.
   