

               "Why The Renegade Chemist Is Not In Razor 1911"


  Well, I guess everyone is chomping at the bit to find out what is going on
with TRC and Razor 1911. Nothing....nothing at all! TRC is no longer in or
associated with Razor 1911! So, for the people that we have not talked to yet
he has started his own little group, called The Happy Hackers.
  When TRC left for Germany, on vacation, he at that point had retired twice
and thought while he was gone that the group would fall apart. His plan was
that if the group did fall apart we would beg for him to come back and ask him
to lead us to salvation.  Wrong!!!!!  The group did a complete turn-around and
some wonderful things happened.  People actually had fun!  Not only did we have
fun, but we also acted as a group!  This was the way Razor was meant to be!
But , of course all good things must end, in other words, TRC came home.  What
a shock it must have been to see that not only did the group not die, but things
were being done without him! So he immediately set out to create havoc.  Blame
must be layed on someone and that someone was The WiTCH KiNG. If he did not
crush this immediately it could spell trouble for the plans he had layed!
  What TRC didn't realize was that he had created quite a few opponents while
being in Razor and this was his downfall. They quickly informed me of the
situation and we acted immediately. His terms to stay in Razor were:
                   1) To have complete control.
                   2) To make all decisions.
                   3) If anyone disagreed with these decisions
                      they would be asked to leave the group!
                   4) Everything had to go through him.

  Of course, we did not agree to this!

  So, instead of wanting to contribute to the group, he decided to try to split
the group. Thus he started asking members if they would join him in forming a
new group. Of course, he was still telling the senior staff that he hadn't made
up his mind yet, thus covering both sides of the fence!  After the staff
confronted him, he created an ugly scene and thus left the group.
  Now, his whole life revolves around trying to spread lies about me and trying
to take credit for all the work. Instead of acting like a man, he would rather
act like a spoiled child, that didn't get his way. He had no credit cards, no
accounts, and nothing to really offer the group. Then when The WiTCH KiNG came
into the group, that is when the group started with the big releases. The only
thing TRC could offer was that he was a good organizer......whoop ehhh!!!!!!
Anyone, with half-a-brain, could do that!
  So when TRC was kicked out, all we were doing was removing dead weight, that
should have been removed quite a while ago.  Three people left with him at the
start, which is kinda funny since these were the people that TRC wanted to
remove in the first place. So as you can see the group is much stronger than
before, because we have finally rid ourselves of our anchor!
  It is a shame that a person of this caliber resorts to these tactics. Instead
of thinking of the group, he was only thinking of his power within the group. I
hope that he treats the members in his new group better than the way he treated
the members of Razor.
  And there you have it.......Razor has become a much more powerful and unified
group. We have already proved that and will continue to do so!  Thanks go to the
people that knew where the real power lay, not TRC but with the group itself.
Also, thanks for being loyal!

                     The WiTCH KiNG  -=Razor 1911=-




















