This is an excerpt from the CLASS.NFO found in the 09/14/1997 Class release
of Dark Reign. It is 100% un-edited except for my notations.


บ  SCENE NEWS:                                                               บบ                                                                           
บบ  Over the past month and a half, we here at CLASS have stayed out of ALL   บบ 
group politics.  However, what has transpired over the past 5 days        บบ 
deserves to be commented on.  First Hexen 2, our version like RAZORs was  บบ 
from a store.  Our version was the FULL CD (minus DIRECTX) which included บบ 
the SETUP.EXE to install the game onto your computer and had to be        บบ 
cracked.  It totaled 59 disks, and after our couriers had 20 disks up on  บบ 
every major and minor site, RAZOR decides to put out their version which  บบ 
was 34 disks.  The reason for this is their version was preinstalled and  บบ 
did not include the SMK, which they released later as a MOVIE ADDON.      บบ 
Before EITHER version of the game was complete on ANY site, rumors began  บบ 
floating around that our version was BETA.  Then more rumors started      บบ 
that there was an ERROR in Level 3.  Only the people who started these    บบ 
rumors know why they did it, but we know it wasn't possible for them to   บบ 
even have the entire game when they were started.  The next rumor, and    บ
Point To Ponder #1: Here we see typical Class behavior. They got beat, hands
                    down. It doesn't matter who started first, it's who
                    FINISHED first. It's called winning. Get over it.

บ  the one that makes the least amount of sense, is that we played unfair    บบ 
and ping flooded RAZOR sites.  The SAME sites CLASS Couriers were racing  บบ 
our release to.  This is just not a very logical arguement on behalf of   บบ 
RAZOR.  When running the SETUP.EXE, there was a 4MB INSTALL.WAV file      บ
Point To Ponder #2: Let's see, if Class and Razor were racing on a release,
                    and Class knew where Razor was uploading their version,
                    then wouldn't it be beneficial to Class to somehow
                    (ICMP, Smurf, Pepsi, etc..) temporarily obstruct access
                    or at least severely hinder access to that site.
                    Knowing that the site mentioned was a Razor site, and that
                    Razor was beating them on a release that they had already
                    started spreading, wouldn't it be very "convenient" if
                    something happened to that Razor site? Here we see one
                    of many cases of Class not being able to handle defeat.
                    Instead, they try to cast shadows and doubts upon other
                    groups, thus distracting from the main fact at hand.
                   They LOST.

บ  that we replaced with a .WAV that said "CLASS RULES".  Paradigm decided   บบ 
to take this idea and use it in their release of Resident Evil, but with  บบ  a
.WAV that said "CLASS SUCKS".  This was rather humorous, and was all    บบ  in
fun we are sure.  Seems SiteOps/CoSiteOps didn't think the same way    บบ  and
decided to NUKE the PDM release off their respective sites.  Earlier  บ
Point To Ponder #3: Site-Ops didn't decide to nuke the Paradigm release because
                    it had a wave file in it saying "Class Sucks". That was
                    irrelevant, as everyone (other than Class) already agrees
                    that Class sucks. And the Site-Ops didn't nuke the Paradigm
                    version because the original release didn't work and required
                    a fix either. The Site-Ops DID nuke the Paradigm version
                    because Paradigm chose to remove the speech (which is a
                    CRUCIAL part of the game, as the game has no subtitles,
                    and without the speech you are totally lost), and then
                    release it as an add-on. Well, since the speech is a
                    necessary part of the game, it's a given that you HAVE
                    to d/l it to play the game. Paradigm's original release was
                    73 disks. The add-on was another 45. This brings the grand
                    total to 118 disks. The Razor version of the game is only
                    72 disks and requires no add-ons to play the game, because
                    the Razor version has all of the speech necessary to play
                    the game included. Let us not forget the fact that the
                    Paradigm version did not include support for those of you
                    (and I know there are MANY) who do not have a 3D graphics
                    card. The Razor 1911 version includes BOTH 3D and non-3D
                    support. I don't mean to grind into Paradigm, as I have
                    nothing against anyone in Paradigm, and consider most all
                    of them to be my friends. All of this is just said to prove
                    that Class is reverting to yet another Razor bashing session
                    to try and take the attention away from the fact that they
                    missed yet ANOTHER great release.

บ  in the day, Skeleton also released a version of Resident Evil which they  บบ 
got from Hong Kong, but was proved to be a BETA by PDMs release.  Sure,   บบ 
the version PDM released has needed 2 fixes so far, but downloading 2     บบ 
small fixes for such a big game is MUCH better then downloading the       บบ 
RAZOR version which was released a good 10 hours after PDMs release, and  บบ  4
hours after PDMs first fix.  PDM argues RAZOR took the SKELETON version บบ  and
released it as their own.  This may or may not be true, but is very   บบ  lame
either way you look at it.  In the past, if a release was not workingบบ  a fix
would be put out, regardless of the title.  For reasons unknown to  บบ  anyone
but RAZOR, they once again decide to go against the norm set by    บ
Point To Ponder #4: The Razor version is NOT the Skeleton version, and is in
                    no way shape or form a beta. Do you people see a pattern
                    here? Everything Class ever does they attribute to Razor.
                    If they win on a release, it's based on how bad Razor has
                    become and how we are dead. If they loose on a release,
                    it's because Razor is lame and released a beta, or Razor
                    duped. Call it a dupe if you want, but I know the people
                    of the scene would rather download a working, properly
                    ripped cracked and packaged release, than something that
                    does not work or requires a fix, or something that
                    requires a huge add-on to work properly. It is not lame
                    to provide the end user with a better product. It's called
                    customer satisfaction, and it's something Class knows
                    nothing about.

บ  the scene.  The leaders of the current RAZOR are doing nothing but giving บบ 
it a BAD name.  They claim to have been around for 10 years, but the only บบ 
truth in that is the name has been around for 10 years.  Of the 50 plus   บบ 
members in RAZOR, there might be 2 that were in Nexus when it merged with บบ 
RAZOR in late 1994.  The majority have only been in the scene for less    บบ 
then 2 years.  If this same group of people would have formed their own   บบ 
group, and not used the name RAZOR, they would not be around today.       บ
Point To Ponder #5: The current staff at Razor 1911 strives to bring quality to
                    the scene. That's Q U A L I T Y not Q U A N T I T Y. Class
                    cannot determine the difference between the two. Razor 1911,
                    like any other group, experiences it's ups and downs. However,
                    when you wake up on January 1st, 2000, I can personally
                    guarantee you that Razor 1911 will still be in existence.
                    Can Class say that? I think not. They didn't last as Prestige
                    (and it IS the same group whether they admit it or not), and
                    they won't last as Class. All of these Razor bashings are
                    just more evidence in my case which is that Class is a sinking
                    ship.

บ  Without the name RAZOR, they have nothing.  They already do not have any  บบ 
games, and the games they do get are either BETA or DUPES.  It is long    บ
Point To Ponder #6: Razor 1911 has nothing? How about the respect and admiration
                    of the entire scene? Something Class has never and will never
                    have. Guys, you're attitude sucks. When you win, you brag,
                    gloat and make fun of others. When you loose, you try to defile,
                    tarnish and disrespect the winners. This type of attitude
                    GREATLY attributes to the general dislike (and fool yourselves
                    if you want, but it's true, the UNBIASED public (no paki reports)
                    does not like Class as a whole.) of Class and the total lack of
                    respect that most people have for Class.

บ  overdue for the "Average Joe" to know the truth about RAZOR, and to stop  บบ 
believing their LIES and PROPOGANDA.                                      บ

Point To Poner #7: The "average Joe" DOES know the truth about Razor 1911. That's
                   why in ANY UNBIASED (again, no paki reports or bull shit like
                   that) report or "opinion", Razor 1911 is the #1 group alive.
                   We release no lies or propaganda. Class on the other hand has
                   made it their goal to tarnish the reputation of The Blade.
                   Jealousy does strange things to people I guess, but this is
                   getting ridiculous. Give it up Class. Put your money where your
                   mouth is or shut the fuck up. I and the rest of the scene are
                   tired of hearing your lame excuses as to why you got beat on a
                   release, or why your release was replaced with something that
                   actually works.


Now that I've said my part, have a nice day :)
                                    
                                            PITBULL / Razor 1911