ALL SOFTWARE FOR FREE - GUARANTEED
STEP BY STEP INSTRUCTIONS TO GET IT ALL FOR FREE.


This is an instructional message.  Power2people are Internet 
freedom fighters.  We want you to stop paying for software and 
Satellite TV today.  This is not legal but it is easy.

Be aware of the truth that ALL software is easily downloadable 
from moving sites on the Internet.

You don't have to pay for games or application software ever 
again.  It is all FREE.

Computer enthusiasts have been doing this for more than 10 years. 
This amazing loophole is described below.

Power2People has been following the Internet 'warez' scene for 
over 8 years and we have put all of our knowledge into the 
Software Freedom Guide.  After reading the Guide, the endless 
maze of search engine 'wares' sites will collapse into a direct 
and simple path.

This step by step guide shows you absolutely everything you need 
to know to download copyright software immediately.  After you 
receive the Software Freedom Guide the concept of paying for 
software will become laughable.

** If you are interested, read on. **  If not, forward this email 
to a friend because software is FREE and they are just wasting 
money.

All you need is a little time, a few shareware applications that 
are readily available on the Internet and the right information. 

When you receive the Software Freedom Guide you will be shown the 
'warez' (internet slang for pirated software) hotspots and how to 
get access to the latest sites where you will be downloading 
software weeks before it reaches your local software retailer. 

You will have the resources of experienced software traders, and 
system administrators at your fingertips.  You will learn all 
about how to use FTP, IRC, and the World Wide Web to find and 
download any software you want.  

There is no special computer knowledge required.  All 
instructions are covered.



*HOW TO ORDER*
Send $5 + $3 shipping ($9 + $3 for both) in US funds in the form 
of: Personal check (21 day wait), Money Order, Bank draft, Or 
*cash* (note that POWER2PEOPLE can not be held liable for any 
receipt of cash) to:

Software Freedom Guide
c/o POWER2PEOPLE 
110 Eugenie St W Suite 430 
Windsor, Ont. 
Canada, N8X 4Y6
(Include a picture of yourself if you can)



GUARANTEE
If you are displeased in any way, simply return the Guide(s) to 
us and we will send you a check for $4.  We regret that we cannot 
refund shipping and material costs.

DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL power2people BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY (i) for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages 
(including, but not limited to, damages for loss of business 
profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, 
and the like), or any other damages arising in any way out of the 
availability, use, reliance on, or inability to use power2people 
or any 'information', regardless of the form of action, whether 
in contract, tort, or otherwise; or (ii)for any claim 
attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in or 
destructive properties of any 'information'. Power2people 
provides 'information' for educational and entertainment purposes 
only.  The purchaser is responsible for consulting and adhering 
to any applicable laws and statutes in their area.  Power2people 
does not endorse, advocate, recommend, advise, support, and shall 
not be held liable for the breaking of any law.

*TO BE REMOVED FROM THIS EMAIL LIST*
Send a blank email to power2people@hotmail.com  with 'remove' as 
the SUBJECT.

We are sorry to inconvenience you.